They're really blood diamonds.
They must be real, right?
How much are they worth?
We're the only ones
who know how many there are.
Should we steal one each?
I didn't expect this from you.
You're so smart.
What if
we're infected? What should we do?
Are you scared?
Aren't you scared?
I told you before
what I fear the most.
I'm more afraid of
being away from him than what he does.
I'm with him at the moment
so I'm not afraid of anything at all.
Are you crazy?
Get out!
I'm under quarantine.
It's me, isn't it?
I'm a little scared this time.
Shi Jin.
Please get him out of here.
I'm not leaving.
I'm going to stay here.
I'm going to stay with you.
I'm a confirmed M3 patient
and you've been
in contact with that patient.
I'm a doctor.
And your superior
as well. This is an order.
Leave!
What's going to happen to Myung Joo?
The fatality rate is over 50 percent.
I heard it's as bad as Ebola.
Am I right?
You're right.
Is she going to die or live?
There's no guarantee
with a disease like this.
However, a young and healthy patient like Lieutenant Yoon
is more likely to survive.
Her immune system is good.
Thank you.
Immune storm?
Isn't being young and healthy a good thing?
Because she's got a good immune system?
It's quite ironic.
Her good immune system might harm her.
What should we do now?
Is there anything that we can do?
I'll fight it in every possible way.
I'll try not to be defeated.
The war on viruses is a doctor's war.
I'm glad that I have
a reliable doctor like you.
We have a confirmed M3 patient.
As of now, medical zone is the main medical facility
to treat patients infected by the M3 virus.
We're going to use the ICU
as an isolation ward for the M3 patients.
If you follow the regulations the medical team provides
and pay attention to your hygiene,
we can prevent more people from getting infected.
We shouldn't be too relaxed
or too scared.
This is a hospital
and we have patients to treat.
Let's focus on our job
Under these circumstances.
Why do you need a laptop?
I'm bored.
I'm going to play computer games.
and use up all the items that I have saved.
There's no use saving them.
38.7. Your fever isn't dropping.
It'll sting.
You're good at drawing blood.
And it worked just one time.
Not at first time.
When I was a trainee nurse,
I destroyed the arm of my friend, who was a med student.
You remember.
I feel thankful to him
whenever I draw blood.
Hold it tight.
Why are you being so sweet?
Do you think I might die?
Do you think I'm positive?
As far as I'm concerned, you caught a cold
and special symptoms were faked..
If you need anything, call me.
What if I miss you?
I'll be back before that happens.
Aren't you dying of boredom there?
I'm sorry to do this
to you at a time like this.
I’m sorry.
If you're sorry, get out of there healthily.
Goof up all you want,
but become a strong man.
How's Myung Joo?
Is she okay?
She's not a patient yet.
She's still a doctor.
She's busy
taking care of Mr. Jin and herself.
What about you?
I'm okay.
Tell her not to worry about me.
Channel three.
Talk to her.
I'm repaying you
for letting me talk to Dr. Kang.
Thank you.
Take care.
This is Yoon Myung Joo.
Sergeant Seo Dae Young, do you copy?
Copy that.
Huh? It's you, Seo Dae Young.
How are you feeling?
I miss you.
Have you eaten?
How are you feeling?
Fool.
I’ve already told you how to answer.
I miss you.
Have you eaten?
I know.
Are you crying?
Do you remember
the white dress I was wearing
when we met for the second time?
Do you remember what you told me back then?
You told me I looked like a ghost.
Now I remember that incident all of a sudden
and think it might have been an omen.
If I die now, that'll be proven to be true.
This is too much to take in.
You're an angel,
Yoon Myung Joo.
Since the moment you came into my life, you've been an angel.
I want you to know that.
You've been sweet since I was sick.
Whether I'm a ghost or an angel
I'm dead either way.
Until we have the test results,
the medical zone is going to be closed off.
We've opened up a temporary clinic for regular patients for now.
When can we get
the vaccines that we asked for?
I contacted city headquarters last night.
They should be here
tomorrow at the latest.
Have you checked
who the confirmed patients
were in contact with so far?
We've made a list
of everyone who contacted with Mr. Jin,
the first confirmed patient,
and sent it to the UN.
So they can isolate and diagnose them.
If you look at the list of names...
Hey! Stop!
Don't come any closer.
Stay behind the table over there.
How's Lieutenant Yoon?
Is she okay?
- She seems to be fine at the moment.
- Does she?
Well.
Move her to the US Army hospital immediately.
I've already sent
them an official letter.
Let's move her as soon as possible.
The medical zone is
the main medical facility
designated by the UN
for M3 virus patients.
We can't move her.
Tell me something I don't know.
Just listen to me
and move her right away!
Before things get out of control!
I'm following protocol in case of an epidemic breakout.
You don't want to go home?
What if things don't get better soon?
Do you want to remain here?
We're fighting against
an intangible enemy.
It's an unknown enemy,
but it's real.
If we don't follow protocol,
no one is safe.
Why are you being right and
making me feel ashamed of myself?
Okay. I take it back.
But remember,
if any one of you gets sick,
I can't go home.
No one gets sick! Do you understand?
Yes, sir!
Sir!
There were two Korean citizens have been confirmed to infect
the M3 virus, a level 4legal infectious disease in Mouru,
where was recently hit by a huge earthquake.
Those confirmed Korean citizensare one male and one female...
I'm calling Mo Yeon.
I'm calling Dr. Song.
Why isn't she answering her phone?
Dr. Song's phone's turned off.
Hello?
Did Chi Hoon answer his phone?
Mother, it's me.
Did you see the news?
It's an epidemic this time.
Why didn't they come back when I sent the charter?
Why drive me crazy for over a month?
Driving you crazy?
I've already gone crazy.
You're here.
Yes, I'm here.
Because you're not doing your job, I came here.
Why are you still here
wasting time?
Hire a charter and go to Uruk right now.
Why should I go there?
There's an epidemic breakout.
"Why should I go there?"
You don't care about your employees?
You're the head of this hospital.
Where the hell did you send my son Chi Hoon?
Get Chi Hoon back here
within 24 hours.
Auntie, please. Can you let go of...
What are you doing? Stop her.
Well...
How dare you tell
my daughter-in-law what to do?
She's pregnant!
I feel like I'm a widow.
Did you hear that? Vacate this building immediately!
I'm not a friend
of your mother's anymore.
Auntie! Stop!
I'll bring him back. I will.
I promise that I'll bring him back.
If he arrives here tomorrow,
will that make you feel better? Tomorrow?
Dr. Pyo,
can you do me a favor?
I can't find some of the articles
in medical journals on the Internet.
There're too many to scan.
I'll just send pictures.
What's all these?
Do doctors study even when they're sick?
Soldiers fight wars
even when they're sick.
I guess you're right.
Do you want some more snacks?
Do you want something else to munch on?
No. I'm curious about this disease.
That's why I'm eating.
I need stamina to stay focused.
I'm fighting a war,
in a way.
I enjoyed my lunch.
Thank you.
I hope you win. Sir!
Can that guy survive?
He's regained consciousness,
but his breathing is very unstable.
The next couple of days are critical.
It’s said that they foundmany diamonds in his stomach.
Wow!
That’s right.. What I saw was true.
How much would these diamonds be worth?
There were 30 of the highest grade two-carat diamonds.
About two million dollars?
Two million dollars...
Two million dollars! Would I risk my life for two million dollars?
It's been a while.
I heard you went to headquarters.
When can we get the blood test results?
Probably tomorrow afternoon.
They'll send a fax.
That's quicker than I thought. That's good.
Right.
Speaking of drawing blood,
what's your blood type?
Your ideal type?
Go on.
A pretty type?
One more.
A cute type?
I give up. I give up.
Did you like it?
You made silly jokes to make me feel better.
This time, I want to make you feel better.
Don't worry about me.
Please defeat this epidemic
as quickly as possible.
I want to hold your hands and hug you.
It’s hard for me to get through such period.
Is that all you can think about at a time like this?
It was a joke. I wanted to make you feel better.
I don't believe you.
I have to go to fight this epidemic.
What's your blood type?
A type who wants
a life sentence in your jail?
Go!
Go to fight the epidemic. Now!
I've got more.
Go on. Please go.
Her breathing and body temperature are normal.
You're all better.
You'll go to a safe place tomorrow.
A bad virus is going around here.
Here we go again.
This is Lieutenant Yoon. The power's gone out.
Isn't the backup generator working?
It's not the generator.
It's the wire.
I'll be there right now.
We're in the dining room...
Mr. Jin's respirator!
Can you take over?
What's wrong with you?
- Sedatives!
- Okay.
What's going on?
I'm coming in.
Don't come in!
You might get infected!
We'll take care of him.
Focus on fixing the generator.
10 minutes! Give us 10 minutes!
Ok.
Stethoscope!
Are you okay?
His heartbeat is too weak.
Get him a manual resuscitation bag.
One, two, three!
-He bit you!
-One, two, three!
This is serious.
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Don't talk to me. It's too hard.
One, two, three!
I'll hold it!
How long has it been?
Two minutes.
He bit Dr. Lee's arm.
Chi Hoon!
Not now!
One, two, three!
You know that you're at a high risk
of getting infected because of this.
Yes.
If it weren't you,
he would've died.
You're a real doctor now.
I'll draw blood.
I've finished cleaning up. We have to go.
Thank you.
Is he going to get sick?
I hope he won't.
He's going to be isolated for now.
Dr. Lee, you were really cool earlier.
You looked like a doctor just now.
Let's go.
Why are you crying?
Did I hurt you?
Where did it hurt?
No.
I'm okay.
I'm okay now.
Now I can call her.
What are you talking about?
How do you feel, Chi Hoon?
Isolated?
Are you infected with
the M3 virus?
It's possible, but I'm not sure yet.
I think
I'm becoming a real doctor.
You haven't called me
for over a month.
What are you talking about? You fool!
Do you know how worried I've been?
I thought I was getting a divorce
with a baby in my stomach.
You know what?
That's not such a bad thing.
You can get stinking rich
with alimony.
Hey!
I love you, Hee Eun.
I really, really love you, Hee Eun.
Now you sound like
Lee Chi Hoon I know.
You're back.
They just left downtown.
They'll get to the UN camp in three hours.
Please take care of the children.
Dr. Kang.
Fax.
The blood test results came in. They all came back negative.
Really?
That's great.
Does Captain Yoo know?
Captain Yoo gave me this fax.
He went to release Sergeant Seo.
She's been bossing people around,
finished a bowl of rice, and fell asleep.
I knew she'd be feisty.
In rare cases, even if you're infected,
symptoms don't appear.
She's a rare kind.
I really hope that she won’t be infected..
By the way, did you hear the news?
What do you mean?
Because I took prompt measures,
there aren't any more
patients in the city.
And after the vaccinations are done,
the warning level will be dropped from "caution" to "attention."
The UN sent an official thank you note
to the captain of Mouru Unit,
which is me.
Did you hear what I said?
What did you say?
Well, thanks to
my prompt actions...
This is Snoopy!
We have an emergency case in the dining room.
Alpha Team. Come and help us.
It's good to see familiar faces.
Former comrade,
my lifesaver,
and my little red rose.
How are you, Fatima?
Are they here to get tested for the M3 virus?
Virus?
Don't worry, Doctor.
Already tested negative.
The US Army came in advance and tested me.
Apparently, I can't be sick.
They love me more than
when I was a Delta Force captain.
Be quick and watch your mouth.
Don't ever say that we're on the same side.
Okay.
We can catch up next time.
I'm just here to see my Korean friend.
He was very ill.
Mr. Jin.
Can I see him now?
Your friends
aren't welcome here.
So,
Let him go.
Well...
I can always catch up with him next time.
But just one question.
I heard my stuff is here.
It's very expensive.
Sparkly.
And women adore it.
Can I see that instead?
There is not a lost and found.
I'll give you 10 seconds to get out of my face.
Ten, nine...
You should've opened him up.
It's immune globulin.
I couldn't visit my friend empty-handed.
This is for you, Doctor.
Please bring him back.
I have a lot to say to him.
Looks like everyone's busy.
So we shall go.
I think they figured out this operation.
They also knew what we're capable of.
Tighten security near the barracks.
Is he the jerk
who was trying to harm her?
Can you take care of Dr. Song?
I'll stay with her.
We have the test results.
What?
The test results came out.
Really? I'm officially free then.
Let me get out of here.
Where are you going?
I didn't tell you the result yet.
High fever, headache,
and chest pains accompanied by coughing.
The early symptoms are similar to Ebola
and the M3 virus.
but my skin's still fair.
And I still find you pretty.
So my eyesight is fine.
This is also some sort of virus.
Haven't you ever had the flu before?
Yes, you fool! You caught a cold.
I was worried!
What is it? Let me go.
You held me first.
That's why I let you go.
Let me go.
Catch a cold. You catch a cold, too.
You immature fool!
Read this first.
While I was locked up, I had to make
the most difficult decision of my life
and I finally have the answer.
What? What is it?
Cefotaxime?
It's a cure for Lyme disease.
Where's Dr. Kang?
According to the report
from the Medipeace doctors who worked
in West Africa in 2007 and 2011,
it cured an average 85 percent of patients.
54 out of 63 and 73 out of 85.
By the way, how did you figure this out?
Isn't it quite far removed from the common efficacy of Cefotaxime?
I cross-examined
the M3 virus's gene analysis
and the chemical formula
and the molecular mass
of every kind of antibiotic.
Really?
I'm kidding.
I just went through all the articles about M3 by year.
Every single one of them.
I admire you, Dr. Song.
Let's do this.
But on the list of the medical supplies,
we don't have it.
Can you call Daniel now and...
I already have.
Already?
It'll come with the other vaccines.
If you'll excuse me.
Did you two have a fight?
This is what people call "playing hard to get."
Geeze. She was worried about you.
Sir!
Dad.
I'm really sick.
Have you heard about me?
I have.
Then why haven't you called me?
You only have a 50 percent chance of surviving.
As your father and your superior,
there's nothing I can do.
I didn't know what I should do.
I was waiting for you to call me.
I feel so helpless at the moment.
I'm not going to lose.
I'm going to fight this.
Don't worry, Dad.
Sure.
That's my girl. Please win this fight.
If I do, can you do two things for me?
Just two things?
First...I want you to forgive me.
Before I came here,
I threatened that you'd lose
both your daughter and Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Okay. Just get better, okay?
What's the other one?
If I get better...
if I survive this disease,
don't make Sergeant Seo retire from the army.
Please don't. Please.
I heard everything.
Yoon Myung Joo! Leave us.
I don't want a sergeant as a son-in-law.
You need to leave the army.
Sergeant Seo Dae Young
was ordered to date you.
This is official, ma'am!
Did he really say that we could date?
Yes, ma'am.
I was so happy to be with him.
So I pretended that I didn't hear that.
I'm sorry, Dad.
You're worried about me but I'm worried about him.
Now you sound like my daughter.
My daughter's usually disobedient.
I'll call you later, Dad.
It's time for my shot.
Bye.
Lieutenant Yoon!
Yoon Myung Joo!
Come on!
Her temperature's 41 degrees.
The Antifebrile isn't working at all.
The situation what we have concerned finally arrived..
Is her immune system overreacting?
Yes, it's a immune storm.
Give her some steroids.
Fill the tub with ice.
Before her body destroys itself,
if we want to keep her alive,
we need to lower her fever first.
Right now, we have to deal with symptoms
whenever they appear.
I'm hoping the medicine
that Dr. Song found will work.
Isn't the medicine here yet?
It'll be here with the vaccines.
So, it'll be here soon...
It's Daniel.
Hello. Are you here?
What? What are you talking about?
The vehicle that was delivering medicine was hijacked.
Lieutenant Yoon's medicine was there as well.
Who the hell...
If we can't get that medicine within an hour,
it'll be too late.
It'll take at least four hours
to get more.
Is there any other way?
If we catch the jerk who stole it...
Communication classes.
Hello. I'll call you back...
Captain Big Boss! Come in!
This is Argus! Over!
What the hell are you doing?
Bring back the medicine. Now!
I'm a businessman. Not a soldier.
Instead of making orders, let's make a deal.
Bring me the diamonds if you want to get your medicines back.
I think I know where Myung Joo's medicine is.
This is Snoopy.
We've secured everyone's location.
Where's Argus?
He's busy.
Where is it?
Okay.
Let him go.
All right.
Thank you for the diamonds.
Stay right there, you jerk!
If it hurts, scream. It's okay.
It's okay.
I can handle this.
Hang in there.
Dr. Kang!
I think the medicine is here.
Stay with her.
What are you guys doing?
Official duty.
This girl you're taking care of is under arrest
for dealing stolen medicine in the black market.
Her accomplice has already confessed.
There must be a misunderstanding.
She didn't steal it. We gave those medicines to Fatima.
I gave them to her,
so you have no reason to arrest her now.
Even if you had given it to her,
she's still under arrest for dealing in the black market.
Were you that foreign doctor who was at the scene?
Science is so advanced.
I don't understand
why we don't have a cure.
Because it doesn't sell.
If it doesn't sell, they can't make money.
If they can't make money, they won't make it.
People are dying.
They won't make a product because they can't make money?
That's why people like us
do things we aren't allowed to do
and go places we're not allowed to go.
We want to change the world.
I want her to take this herb
and get well like magic.
This herb will bring her fever down.
Let's boil it carefully.
So it will work magic.
Can herbs like that help?
We have to try everything.
Whether it's medicine, herbs, or even prayer.
Medical Services Team! Come in!
Medical Services Team, come to the medical zone!
The medicine supply truck has arrived.
Copy. Over!
Let's go!
Hello.
Thank you.
37.5 degrees.
Where's Dr. Kang?
I haven't seen her around.
You're right.
Yesterday, the local police
came to arrest Fatima.
So she went with them.
What did you just say?
Are you sure they were Uruk police officers?
It's just too bad that you got hurt. What shall we do?
I mean, the doctor can't treat you now.
Get your hands off.
Can't you see what's going on here?
Do you want to die?
Or do you want
to get your girlfriend killed?
It's my turn to give
the orders now, Captain!
The only person
these guys won't kill
is me.
What do you want?
Finally you understand.
All right. Let's talk.
Weapons will be delivered
to North Uruk at midnight.
My own country will try to kill me once the delivery's made.
But I want to survive and I want the money.
So get me a way out of this country
after the delivery is made tonight.
That's all I want. My escape route.
Come on.
Save me like you did the last time, Captain.
Tonight at 2:00 a.m.
You can't be too early.
And you can't be too late.
I wouldn't want to sell her
on a personal grudge.
I'll kill you with my own bare hands.
Upon my honor.
I will kill you with my own bare hands.
I'm going to learn Korean, just for you.
Let's go.
I have such good memories of Uruk.
And you are the perfect person
to spend my last night with.
This is Big Boss.
Mo Yeon, listen to me carefully.
I'm going to find you
and I'm going to rescue you.
You know I'm a man of my word.
I'll be there soon.
Don't panic and don't cry.
Hang in there.
I'll be there soon.
And I'm also looking forward to seeing you, Big Boss.
Are you crazy?
Pull yourself together.
A hostage rescue?
You're not Alpha Team at the moment.
You're just a regular soldier.
You're here to rebuild peace.
I have to go.
I'm leaving.
You're not allowed to go anywhere!
I have to go.
I'll see you later.
Geeze. Do you or do you not see this?
This has been blinking all along.
Number Two is the Commander and Number Three is the Blue House.
What are you going to do?
Sir. The commander of the Taebaek Unit,
The first captain Park...
This is the Blue House.
Let me cut to the chase. Was she really kidnapped?
She wasn't exactly kidnapped, but the situation...
She was kidnapped.
Are you sure?
The CIA
reported it differently.
She's been kidnapped.
About fifteen men were all armed...
I'm going to be briefed by the US Army, so save your breath.
I just called you to make sure.
Until we figure out
what's exactly going on,
keep quiet and stand by.
Yes, sir!
We have no time to stand by. We're wasting time.
I'm going to follow protocol under emergency situations
and carry out the hostage rescue operation.
What are you saying?
Didn't I just tell you to keep quiet and stand by?
Hey, Captain Yoo! I let it slide when you didn't listen to me
about the president of the Arab League.
How dare you treat me like this?
We gave you a gun
to protect your country.
This is not an issue of an individual living or dying.
This is a national issue.
If this country doesn't care about the lives
of its people, I don't want to serve it.
I don't know which country you serve
but I'm going to protect my own country.
Hey! Are you crazy?
Hey! Stop there!
Don't let Yoo Shi Jin leave. Stop him!
Please stop! You can't leave.
Is the gate sturdy?
I've broken this car a few times
and I can still break the gate.
Please don't do this.
If you don't want to get hurt, leave me alone.
I'm going to drive through it.
Sir!
It's for you.
It's Commander Yoon.
Sir. Captain Yoo Shi Jin.
You have three hours.
For three hours, I don't know your whereabouts.
For three hours,
you're not part of Alpha Team
or the Captain of Taeback Unit of Company Mouru
or a Korean Army captain.
Any objections?
No, sir.
That's all.
Sir.
How's Lieutenant Yoon?
She's sleeping, but her fever is dropping.
I think the medicine's kicking in.
Good.
I'm going out for a while.
I'm sorry I can't see you before I go.
I’m sorry.
Going out? For what?
Myung Joo's awake. I'll call you back.
Anybody here?
Good luck, Captain.
Well done, doctor.
If you need anything,
you just let me know.
I don't know why you brought me here.
But if you want ransom, forget it.
I have more debt than money.
In English.
I can't have you think
that I'm a nice guy.
Especially if I'm holding a gun.
Now how many times have I told you?
You're more likely to get shot
being around a guy with a gun.
Big Boss. He's smart, funny...
And mysterious.
But he has a lot of secrets.
He'll disappear from time to time
and be hard to contact.
And then one day...
He'll never come back.
You should break up with him now.
This is advice.
Not a warning.
You're supposed to offer an envelope full of money
and a glass of water
in this kind of situation.
You can't just make demands.
You're dying to know
what I'm saying, aren't you?
You don't need to know,
you piece of garbage!
You are not easy.
Big Boss! Big Boss! Please come in!
Big Boss! Please come in!
Sir.
When did Captain Yoo leave?
He went through the gate at 17:30.
Where's Dr. Kang?
Well...
She went to the local police station last night.
But she hasn't come back yet.
What happened?
Something really bad.
It's been a while.
Long time no talk.
Is everything okay?
Let me use your last card.
I need a chopper.
I have a date to keep.
-=Next Episode-=
Drop the gun!
Let's go.